My friend saw the lights flickering in the haunted house last night. I have seen them myself, it is creepy! Part of me wants to know what is going on, but the rest of me hopes I never find out!
The first explorers back from that blasted place said they saw Kobolds. Kobolds! We used to have trouble from them back in my Pappy's day, but the guard burned them out! Where could they be coming from?
Kobolds used to be a problem around these parts, but the last Mayor led a campaign with the guards to wipe them out. Now they are either gone, or they have gotten better at hiding from us...
Do you believe in ghosts? We have a haunted manison in this town, so if you didn't beleive in them before, you will after visiting that place!
I worry about all you folks pulling gold out dungeon that opened up under our town. Where did it all come from? what if there is a Dragon? I hear that Dragons hunt down people who take their gold and they have looooong memories...
My Dad had a friend who used to be an Adventurer. He and some of his buddies went down into a dungeon like the one beneath Thelmore. They found a room full of the most life-like statues you ever saw! Apparently, the statues used to be people! Most of his buddies died fighting the thing that did it, and he lost a leg.... never adventured again.
Dungeoneering is dangerous, there you are just walking along and CLICK! Now you're dead or maimed, and all your friends are dead or maimed. For what? A little gold and the promise of an easy life? How many folk you know acually retire from adventuring and live well, hmm?
You know Molly? She has HUGE....tracts of land! And she don't mind letting you plow 'em! Ha!
That temple we got, blessed by ADAR. They say he can heal anything, but I have never trusted ADAR, I prefer to pray to VIUNA myself. Still, that priest has never turned me away...
What if the specks we see in the light are all miniature worlds? What if our world is really just a speck of dust in somebody else's shaft of light?
What if the blue I see isn't the same blue you see?
You know when a chair squeaks? What if it is really crying out in pain?
What if the Blacksmith fixes your armor, but then breaks something so that you have to come back?
What if Mario keeps kidnapping Pricess Peach and Bowser is just trying to protect her? Wait, what am I talking about? I have never heard of these people!
What if chickens cannot fly because they are afraid?
What if the first person who at poison berries was just really allergic to them and now nobody else will try them?
You know how all those people who claim to have been abducted by Faeries are crazy? What if the Faeiriesonly abduct crazy people because they know that no one will believe them?
What if I am the only living person in this world? What if everyone else was a simplistic simulation of people, controlled by a magic spell cast by someone named "Samsung"?
You know how you sometimes can't sleep? What if it is because there are enemies nearby?